Visual Argument Narrative Reflection  
Sam Strader

	I wanted to do a visual argument about something I could possibly use in the future and can connect with something that I am passionate about, so I created an ad for the MLS soccer back where I live, Charlotte FC. I wanted this ad to connect to the negative view that American soccer has compared to European soccer and show it’s just as good and the fans are just as into soccer as Europeans are. To achieve this, I wanted to showcase a lot of what the fans look like in action and celebrating, giving the ad a strong, uplifting feeling. I wanted people in Charlotte to see this on a billboard or in a digital ad like on a website and feel like they are inspired to go to a soccer game and experience the excitement themselves.   
First, I started by putting a picture of a crowd at a Charlotte FC game going crazy and cheering. I wanted this to be the showcase in the visual argument and have a visual dominance because I gave an overall feel of the excitement at these soccer games. Next, I wanted to go a little bit more in depth, but not add too much because I wanted to keep a signal-to-noise ratio in the direction of more images and little text. I added the text “American Passion” to keep the audience focused on the overall message of the ad. I struggled to find a bold text, but in the end, I was able to find one that made the text pop. Below, I put “Buy Tickets Now” to urge the audience to take action and experience the games themselves. To add more to the ad and different perspectives, I added a close up of a few Charlotte FC fans cheering and a soccer player with the ball at his foot. I used the fans to give the audience another perspective on people having a good time at the games and I put the soccer player to show the viewers that this is about soccer and to keep the action and excitement in the ad going. One thing that I was told in my peer review was to add something soccer related so the viewers knew for sure the ad was about soccer and not some different sport. I sized both of these images with the scale tool and moved them in the top left and bottom right corner to add a feel that the ad is in thirds. Lastly, the hardest part of the assignment was using the eraser tool and erasing both of the images, so it was just the people and the soccer ball. This took awhile to figure out and I perfectly outlined the close up of the fans and the soccer player, but it made the ad much cleaner and gave the images a feeling as if they belonged in the ad. Finally, the ad was complete and people in Charlotte should feel much more engaged with their MLS team if they saw this ad on a billboard or while they were browsing the web. 